Refreshing wrangler docs for 2025 (#1434)
ebi-ait/hca-ebi-wrangler-central: docs/SOPs/After_export/update_corrupted_file.md

  --header 'Authorization: Bearer <token>' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data '[
	{
		"field": "content.file_core.file_name",
		"operator": "IS",
		"value": "<file_name>"
	}
]'
```
or
```python
from hca_ingest.api.ingestapi import IngestApi
api = IngestApi(url="https://api.ingest.archive.data.humancellatlas.org/")
api.set_token(f"Bearer {<token>}")
query = [{'field': 'content.file_core.file_name', 
		  'operator': 'IS', 
		  'value': '<file_name>'}]
response = api.post('https://api.ingest.archive.data.humancellatlas.org/files/query?operator=AND', json=query)
```

#### Note:
First, verify that project is not Managed Access. If it's managed access, we should reach out to contributor to provide file again and make sure that file is not downloaded locally at any time. Descriptors and file metadata should be fine to have locally.

From the output, identify the file `uuid`, and information that would help to identify file in the archive. For example, if it's `sequence_file` we could look for `insdc_run_accession`, `insdc_experiment_accession`, `read_index` and `lane_index`.

### 2. identify and download correct file from archives

> Using information from step 1, we will try to identify the file in the archives (for example, [ENA](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/browser/) if file in INSDC). If we know that corrupted file was not accessed from archive but from contributor see [note](#note) above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using information from step 1, we will try to identify the file in the archives (for example, [ENA](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/browser/) if file in INSDC). If we know that the corrupted file was not retrieved from an archive but from a contributor see [note](#note) above.
```

- `descriptor` file:
	- `file_version` to any more recent date in the format ([ISO_8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) is used, for example: `2025-08-07T16:15:39.822Z`)
    - `file_name` might have the bundle uuid as a prefix to the actual file_name like `30fb759a-546a-4cfa-a55a-195bc008621a/SRR1111111_1.fastq.gz`. this uuid up to `/` character needs to be removed to leave clean file_name
	- make sure that `size`, `sha1`, `sha256` and `crc32c` are updated as well (check script bellow)
	- update the **descriptor** file `file_name` suffix (not `file_name` field) with the same most recent date.
		<br>Similarly:<br>
		`aaaaaaaa-5258-aaaa-84f3-aaaaaaaaaaaa_2025-08-22T13:43:40.996000Z.json` should be renamed to <br>`aaaaaaaa-5258-aaaa-84f3-aaaaaaaaaaaa_2025-09-23T14:45:40.996000Z.json`
		<br>Note: trailing digits after decimal point compared to ISO_8601.

<details><summary>script to edit descriptor contents</summary>

If the documents is structured in a hierahical way as it is in staging area you could use the following script:
(Update `today` variable with the desired update-date, or update the entity_type if file is not sequence file)

```python
"""

> That's a script to replace (valid) descriptor contents with correct hash values and 

Reviewer: is a part of this sentence missing?

Author: indeed. fixed in 0e55c9857f57f51b623bc5bcaf5177a168eadfe0
